Publish minutes of 2021-10-28 meeting (#124)
hober/web-extensions: _minutes/2021-10-28-wecg.md

 * [timothy] Think there are minimal differences between MV2 and MV3 manifests. Safari is very relaxed when it comes to erroring for unknown keys
 * [carlos] users are often confused about what is recognised or not.

[Issue #109](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/109): Use cases not covered by DNR: POST payloads

 * [giorgio] possible with blocking WR, not with DNR. Preference for Firefox style WebRequest as it's non-blocking.
 * [tomislav] do you know a specific use case you need to address about POST request?
 * [giorgio] XSS filter – need to be able to analyze the POST request. Sites can work around content blocking by switching to POST
 * [timothy] Can we work around this with declarative rules?
 * [giorgio] Probably need to be a callback, based on heuristic, transform the data, perform pattern matching for XSS payloads.
 * [simeon] open to the possibility of logic execution, problem with applying function in browser environment, leaking info. How to tackle arbitrary code execution.  Main problem is amount of data that extensions has access to.
 * [krzysztof] other APIs expose a similar level of access, like content scripts, cookies.

>  * [tomislav] FF team is considering dNR a fallback that will be something similar to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [tomislav] FF team is considering a DNR fallback "action" that will probably be something similar to a blocking webRequest event, but only fired for specific (matched) requests (that can't be handled via declarative means).
```

 * [timothy] broadly in agreement about broad permissions.
 * [tomislav] we're working on similar user access controls for permissions, but once granted, there are usecases that can't be declarative.
 * [giorgio] want to understand the direction we're going. Are we going to have to see permissions prompts on every web page
 * [timoty] added “run on all websites” for common usecases like tab managers , password managers
 * [simeon] working on UI for a while, not ready yet.  Napkin sketch is all we could commit a few months ago.  Long term, we want to go to a model of only acting based on users actions.  Don't think we can get rid of &lt;all_urls>, but want to move to a more reactive model.  One of the solutions is “in-context-badging”, text boxes on a page, input boxes on a page flagged with grammar extension/shopping assistant.
 * [tomislav] broadly in agreement with the goals and direction. Noscript is an example of something that requires all_urls.
 * [giorgio] understand that browsers want to restrict access to the narrowest set of permissions, think the judgement on this could be handled by extension store reviewers

>  * [carlos] #199 optional_host_permissions not all permissions need to be asked at installation time, some might be required, but others truly optional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * [carlos] [#119](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/119) optional_host_permissions not all permissions need to be asked at installation time, some might be required, but others truly optional.
```

Wrong bug reference.

Also, during minute-taking I also linkify issue references, which would result in links in the output here.

I've updated the source doc with this.

 * [oliver] question about stability of MV3 manifest and keys being still in flux.
 * [giorgio] if we get these permissions, can we get blocking WR back :)
 * [simeon] got sidetracked with permissions because of Chrome's MV3 motivations, if we were doing thing from scratch, how we would design.  Blocking WR not compatible with long-term vision of MV3 and beyond.  No proposal for missing use cases ATM.

[Issue #103](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/103): Script injection in WorkerScope(s)

 * [giorgio] Use case for any anti-fingerprinting extension. Inject a script before the service worker script code runs.
 * [timothy] Makes a lot of sense, see the usecases.
 * [tomislav] Somewhat addressable in Firefox via blocking WR, but not trivial/elegant
 * [giorgio] yes, lots of corner cases around caching and similar.
 * [krzystof] extension authors can move much faster than browser vendors, talking with the good guys here (community).
 * [timothy] valid use cases, the permission model goes a long way towards

>  * [tomislav] We are considering negative permissions – allow the user to grant access to almost everything, except some specific sites. Some complexities need to be worked through (e.g. blocking top level domain doesn't necessarily block subdomains).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [tomislav] We are considering "negative permissions" – allow the user to grant access to almost everything, except some specific sites. Some complexities need to be worked through (e.g. allowing *.google.com doesn't necessarily mean mail.google.com is accessible, as implied by existing permissions API, and as expected by current extensions).
```

 * [tomislav, kzrysztov, simeon] too spammy, not sure if it's usable for regular users.
 * [mukul] extensions activity log in Chromium (and Edge)

[Issue #103:](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/112) Add an API to trigger extension update

 * [nir] sometimes critical updates are delayed up to a full day.  If extension is communitinga with a backend, it might have metadata.
 * [simeon] we have runtime.requestUpdateCheck, tells Chrome to ping CWS.  After that, runtime.reload() would complete the update process.

[carlos] Question about more frequent meetings or engaging more often offline/via issues.

 * [timothy, tomislav, simeon] probably not more meetings, but we're aiming to be more responsive, feel free to ping us.
 * [simeon] might be less available in the coming months, trying to make the most effective use of the time he does have.
 * [alexei] Will Google send alternate or additional representatives?
 * [simeon] Not that I'm aware.
 * [alexei] What does this say about google's dedication to the group?
 * [timothy, tomislav] appreciate any time you might have.
 * [simeon] what we're doing is very important, just trying to balance with other requirements.

> The next meeting will be on [Thursday, November 11th, 8 AM PDT (3 PM UTC)](https://everytimezone.com/?t=618c5d00,384).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The next meeting will be on [Thursday, November 11th, 8 AM PDT (4 PM UTC)](https://everytimezone.com/?t=618c5d00,3c0).
```

Although the time of reference (UTC) changes from 3 PM to 4 PM UTC, the meeting time doesn't change in practice.

The summer time observation changed in between the meetings. Last weekend CEST became CET, and next weekend (before the next WECG meeting) PDT changes to PST.

(I've already made this change in the source document at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QkwhEMtMS67JBUkl_WVPZ4lRSKoWcQNlLJSf_GwSXg8/edit#heading=h.7m7i1y6b2ibm)
